[New Concept]Kotlin: Math-methods (#3482)
Codecademy/docs: content/kotlin/concepts/math-methods/math-methods.md

---
Title: 'Math Methods'
Description: 'The Kotlin math package provides many methods for working with numbers.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Arithmetic'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'For'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-kotlin'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The Kotlin `math` packages many static methods that provide common mathematical calculations for working with numbers. These methods can be accessed by importing the package at the top of the fil:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kotlin `math` package contains many static methods that provide common mathematical calculations for working with numbers. These methods can be accessed by importing the package at the top of the file:
```
